[Autogenerated] But first I'll have to republish the application,
and that's something else I wanted you to see anyway.
But this time, instead of the option to create a new application environment,
I'll choose to redeploy to an existing environment
and all select the Net Corey P.
I.
Dev.
Environment from the list of existing environments and
then click next to go to the next page.
These options are being read from the Jason file that the
toolkit created when I published the first time,
and I don't need to change any of them.
There's only one more page, and that's the review page,
so I'll just click the deploy button on there.
Although we need to upload the application deployment package just like before.
This time it doesn't need to also create the environment.
The environment already exists.
We're just replacing some of the code.
So this time the entire process only takes a couple of minutes
from its initial updating status to when it's completed and the
environment status is again healthy.
Now let's try that euro again and into the weather forecast controller,
and it's working.
Now let's try the authors controller that has to interact with the database,
and there it ISS the author and book data,
and I'll scroll down so you can see that it's the correct data because there's April space book with a coming soon note in front of it.